Blog Portland Highlights (#196)
thegooddocsproject/website-hugo: content/en/blog/portland-highlights.md

We want to send a big thanks and shout-out to Write the Docs for organizing the conference for another year. Here’s a recap of (some of) what we did and our favorite bits. 

## Writing Day
We scheduled a [full day’s worth of activities](https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2022/writing-day/#the-good-docs-project) for Writing Day. Each activity was an hour long, led by a different person and covered a different aspect of The Good Docs Project. Our aims were to give tech writers hands-on experience contributing to various aspect of our project, to build our user base and to grow our community. 

> “I liked that we were able to have different leaders for each session. Not only did it spread the load of organizing, it also demonstrated the depth of 
> talent and commitment within our community.”—Cameron Shorter

> We had hoped to get more “real work” done to progress some of our tasks. However, we had many lively discussions and we took home some valuable feedback, and ideas to organize our sessions for next time.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion: Your existing text is fine, although I wondering if it is selling ourselves short. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
We received a stack of valuable feedback we are now incorporating into our templates and processes, had many lively discussions, and took home a bunch of ideas to organize our sessions for next time. If only we had bandwidth to get more "real work" done.
```
(Possibly drop the last sentence.)
